a fire here from hobbyking calm have a
new product to show you today from art
bird this is the art bird tiny a flight
stabilization system or autopilot system
very interesting flight control here
what this does it's actually got three
basic modes first is the basic
stabilisation mode and the way this
works is this is just going to fight any
unwanted attitude changes in your model
so it will help stabilize by either
feeling an aileron elevator or rudder to
the model to make sure that it's not
being pushed off course by wind or any
other factors that would cause the model
to not otherwise fly stable on its
current path now the next mode is self
leveling and what you do is to exit this
mode you use the spare channel on your
transmitter it's either 5 or 6 and what
you do is flip a switch and will go into
self level so what it will do is it
doesn't matter what orientation models
that if you flip the switch it's going
to go into self leveling mode it will
level out and really get you out of
trouble in case you make some mistakes
while you're flying I say fpv if you
lose your video feed
simply flip that switch in the model
will level out and you've got no words
now the third mode is a hover mode for
3d which is very cool so if you want to
put this in a model say you're learning
to do aerobatic so 3d flight with us say
like a mid wing mop which you can do is
when you flip the switch for that third
mode it will actually go into a hover
stabilization mode so if you put those
on the model up put it into a hover you
can flip the switch and it will actually
make all the necessary inputs on your
control surfaces to hold the model on a
hover
so very cool a very nice feature for
learning 3d flights on an aerobatic
airplane so pretty cool guys it's a
multifunction unit very easy to use and
set up its a plug-and-play unit so
there's actually no soldering required
anything out of the box everything comes
with it including the wire leads here so
you've got all the connections that you
needed to hook it up with your receiver
in your model so very cool guys you want
to have a look at this something new on
this page now so be sure to check it out
and you can find the full product
specifications in the item listing so
once again thanks for watching guys be
sure to check out our youtube page as
well
[Music]